Kelly you ever had a birthday boy a few
years on the birthday boy optimum for a
little court date to court date
let's making the court dates when you
clear the record that I don't know if
you ever said that because it was a big
rumor going around when out all that
transpired take the reason why you got
in that situation was because of the
parties involved a true yeah
so you all stop hitting me up saying
that's why but that's not true stop
hitting you up with that bullshit
[Music]
Oh Kelly I got a question your dog
usually gave puppies are you gonna be
selling puppies if I do decide to send
our puppies it has to be people that I
trust and I have to have contracts with
them and I need to get pitches to know
my children down so I have to be able to
you know trust people and maybe I love
my dogs with all my heart and yourself
and you know people think that they're
ready for animals and one of our animals
and stuff and then they get them home
mistreat them now like an additional is
gonna be like that I thought that side
can come off there you know let me
they're fucking know I've been to the
last couple of weeks everything I need
to break take the break maybe you know
somebody definitely don't be trying to
get me to go to all three of these balls
coming up you know somebody got me going
all these balls that's coming up so you
know I need to I need to have a great
honey I get up every morning at 7:30
7:45 on a bitch a bitch Natalia what
time is it
shit I was last night up in Iowa at 11
o'clock 11:30 I was sleep last night
soleio me when you start when you start
Beauty School or hair school whatever
have you
it's just something do you want to
specialize in like everything well I
some people go to specialize just in
weave like doing weave installation and
everything right right well what about
now I thought that now like this they're
really getting into that cuz so many
even why I'm gonna doing extensions and
tracks and we might do the of the fusion
right what do you think about fusion
would you have a diffusion you they say
it takes you here about two right what's
the other one is another one besides
fusion that um it's like little wire
it's not the Google it's not the glue or
the wax there's something else that they
do like uh the net had told me about it
right no no that's what it is yeah well
look which makes it it looked really
real actually yeah that's the bead one
is it harder with a flat iron to curl
yeah no so you're gonna blend into black
on the bottom Jason yeah
[Music]
yeah I've got to be drying you know
she'd love a contact just like you